You caught a Sea Walker.
You stumbled upon a Sea Guardian.
It looks like you've disrupted the Sea Witch's brewing session. Watch out, she's furious!
You reeled in a Sea Archer.
The Rider of the Deep has emerged.
Huh? A Catfish!
Is this even a fish? It's the Carrot King!
Your Chumcap Bucket trembles, it's an Agarimoo.
Gross! A Sea Leech!
You've discovered a Guardian Defender of the sea.
You have awoken the Deep Sea Protector, prepare for a battle!
The Water Hydra has come to test your strength.
The Loch Emperor arises from the depths.
Is it a frog? Is it a man? Well, yes, sorta, IT'S FROG MAN!!!!!!
A Snapping Turtle is coming your way, and it's ANGRY!
A garish set of tentacles arise. It's a Blue Ringed Octopus!
The water bubbles and froths. A massive form emerges- you have disturbed the Wiki Tiki! You shall pay the price.
An Oasis Rabbit appears from the water.
An Oasis Sheep appears from the water.
A Water Worm surfaces!
A Poisoned Water Worm surfaces!
An Abyssal Miner breaks out of the water!
A leech of the mines surfaces... you've caught a Mithril Grubber.
A leech of the mines surfaces... you've caught a Medium Mithril Grubber.
A leech of the mines surfaces... you've caught a Large Mithril Grubber.
A leech of the mines surfaces... you've caught a Bloated Mithril Grubber.
A Dumpster Diver has emerged from the swamp!
The Trash Gobbler is hungry for you!
The desolate wail of a Banshee breaks the silence.
A swampy mass of slime emerges, the Bayou Sludge!
A long snout breaks the surface of the water. It's an Alligator!
A massive Titanoboa surfaces. It's body stretches as far as the eye can see.
Phew! It's only a Scarecrow.
You hear trotting from beneath the waves, you caught a Nightmare.
It must be a full moon, a Werewolf appears.
The spirit of a long lost Phantom Fisher has come to haunt you.
This can't be! The manifestation of death himself!
Frozen Steve fell into the pond long ago, never to resurface...until now!
It's a snowman! He looks harmless.
The Grinch stole Jerry's Gifts...get them back!
What is this creature!?
You found a forgotten Nutcracker laying beneath the ice.
A Reindrake forms from the depths.
A tiny fin emerges from the water, you've caught a Nurse Shark.
You spot a fin as blue as the water it came from, it's a Blue Shark.
A striped beast bounds from the depths, the wild Tiger Shark!
Hide no longer, a Great White Shark has tracked your scent and thirsts for your blood!
A Flaming Worm surfaces from the depths!
A Lava Blaze has surfaced from the depths!
A Lava Pigman arose from the depths!
Smells of burning. Must be a Fried Chicken.
Trouble's brewing, it's a Fireproof Witch!
